Update shared-monitor-config.asciidoc monitoring.cluster_uuid missing (#31867)
elastic/beats: libbeat/docs/monitoring/shared-monitor-config.asciidoc

The {es} instances that you want to ship your {beatname_uc} metrics to. This
configuration option contains the following fields:

==== `monitoring.cluster_uuid`

> The `monitoring.cluster_uuid` config identifies the Elasticsearch cluster udner which the monitoring data will appear in Stack Monitoring UI. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `monitoring.cluster_uuid` config identifies the {es} cluster under which the monitoring data will appear in the Stack Monitoring UI. 
```
